The Joe Rogan experience. I mean,
that's one of the things that the Romans always knew. So it make people,
a family families, you can control them if they have families. Oh,
that's powerful. Yeah. You can control you.
Can't control young dudes, right.
Deals with swords or single.
Like you want them to get shacked up and have kids, right. That they stopped.
Yeah.
And then you got to kill somebody kids every now and then keep them in line.
Jesus. They did brown. I mean, that's what they did.
They did that from time honored tradition.
You kill somebody kid to keep them in line for, they did it with,
they've done it in the mafia. They've done it with a lot of people. I mean,
it's, it's always been something that people do to put fear in people.
You get people to, when you have a lot more to lose, when you have a family,
they look at it that way. There's certain people that, I mean,
when you study how to get people,
to listen to you and to behave and how to strike fear in the populace,
that's one. That's why they don't want abortion laws. Hm.
Wow. That's deep. Right? There's if,
if there is someone that is really thinking,
we need,
we need to make sure that people have families.
So that there'll be more vulnerable.
If there is someone that is following that philosophy, which is not my thought.
Yeah, exactly. You said the Romans said it is, it's been around forever.
This is like a commonly human humans born. They think that like, oh,
we have to keep families to get them in line. Well,
it's when you talk about authoritarian, authoritarian figures,
like people that want to have an iron fist control the population,
the last thing you want is a bunch of young single guys riding around with no
attachments. Cause that's how coups get successfully completed.
Like watching young mercenaries decide to take over your building,
like expendable style and shoot everybody.
You don't want that because they have nothing to lose. Right?
You want a guy who loves his wife and he's got somebody else's kids and he,
you know, he's got, yeah, he's got something to lose. And that's,
that's how you keep a society in order.
And that's why you shouldn't be getting rid of babies. No condoms, no babies,
no birth control, no babies.
If someone really was plotting out a culture that way,
like really masterminding it and really saying that,
not just knowing that if that is the case that people do change when you have
children,
but then doing this and promoting this on purpose specifically to control
people. If that was the case. Yeah. They would do that. They would do that too.
They would, they would,
they would work against abortion because they would want more people to have
more kids so that they can control them. That makes sense. Well, good.
That's crazy. So crazy to think that way. But it would only be like one factor.
I think the major factor is religion. Because if you are, um,
if you are pro-life and a candidate is
a pro choice in your mind,
a lot of times people decide that that person is against like God's
law. That person wants to kill children. Right? It's on,
they almost feel like compelled devote, you know,
to vote against you. If you're pro choice.
I know, but like, are they thinking about, well, you know,
what did this mother doesn't raise this child? And now you have this, you know,
this mother who's resentful of this child that she had,
that you guys made her have, and this child who's, you know,
this Loveless child now. And they both, you know, she's got mental illness,
he's got mental illness because you know, he's looking for his mother's love.
She's like this kid wrote my dreams. You know,
this husband didn't stay that kind of thing. And you're just, you're,
you're making these communities, you know, depressed and sad, you know?
And then you guys, you said, no, you have to have that.
You're not raising this kid. You know, you're not putting the money in that.
You know, and this, this family's pocket.
All these things you're saying are true. Yeah.
It's one of those things where you could see two, two,
like distinct patterns,
but infinite different varieties of completely the world sucks because the baby
was born or the world is amazing. Right. The baby's born. Right.
Tim Tebow says that, you know, he's, that's.
The thing, man. It's true.
It's true.
I mean, it's, you never know. You never know,
but it's whose decision should it be and what is it? That's the real question?
Like, what is abortion, right? Like what is it? Is it killing a baby?
Or is it a medical procedure? Like which one is it? Ooh.
And it's a slippery slope. That's where the debate falls in pro chores.
Pro-choice or pro-life,
it's not that these pro-choice people are evil people. No,
they just don't want anybody dictating, I mean,
sound like an evil organization that's created by Satan. It's not,
it's not it's women that don't want you to tell them what to do with the
reproductive system. Right. That's what it is.
They want to be able to make the choice themselves.
But then there's other people that are pro-life and specifically the
more militant ones, which, you know, have assassinated abortion doctors. I mean,
there are,
there are people that firmly believe that even if it's just a couple of days
old,
it's a baby and that any sort of procedure to stop that in its place is murder.
You're murdering a baby and there's no if ands or buts about it.
And it's like the way they look at the loony left and that they,
they buy into this. And you know, that,
that that's a narrative that, you know,
that's how they, that's how they really believe.
And people demonize people on both sides of it as if they're so different.
And there's no way you could ever think any differently the way than the way
you're thinking it right now.
I think you, you broke it down just like,
is it a medical procedure or is it the other way? And I think that's a,
that's that's hard to get into. And you can't there's no, I mean,
that's that we'll be debating that till the end of time.
Well, it's one of the most human subjects because it shows how
complicated really is. And if you try to pretend, it's not,
then you get into late term abortions and I'm like, well, what's up there.
When does it get weird for you? Six months? Does it get weird? Then look,
it's weird. Like, I'm not saying you should be able,
shouldn't be able to have an abortion or should be.
I'm not saying either of those things,
I'm just saying to deny the weirdness at the very nicest term
that I could come up was weirdness. Right. It is weird.
I had a, uh, I got a girl pregnant. I was a teenager. And, uh,
she had an abortion. I'm sorry. She had a miscarriage. Nature's abortion.
And then, uh, she, uh, she would,
I was eight weeks or nine weeks and she was flushing out chunks of who she was
calling the baby. So, I mean, that's at like eight to nine weeks, everybody.
Jesus. So, wow. Yeah. And she shouldn't have had a baby.
She was on crystal meth. I mean, that, that shouldn't have happened.
So think whatever higher power did that for us. But um, yeah,
that's what I'm saying like that. I mean, that's when you say,
that's why it's so messy and it really is messy because you don't know what is
what right. You know, she's like, it, it, it traumatized her. Yeah. You know,
makes sense.
I mean,
it's a crazy process that the human body goes through that men will
never really understand because there's never going to been going to be an
opportunity where a body grows inside your body and then comes out of your body
the way a woman experiences. And that's.
Mainly, and.
Dude, women experience something that is so alien to anything that the
males experience, they grow a body inside of them. Yeah. It's very,
it's so different. We're so deep. It's so different.
Like in terms of how they interface with the world, they,
they have to nurturing. They want to protect the Nast and keep everybody safe.
And they're going to have a baby inside. Boom.
And now they have to take care of this baby and care for it.
And then the baby will become more people and they'll start mating and they get
become adults. And then.
Earthlings, Y.
Comes out of their body. And for us, man, we just,
we just shoot loads so easy. We just like with the art,
what we do when we don't have a baby.
And what we do when we have a baby is the exact same thing. Like you,
you too,
when you have sex with a woman and she gets impregnated,
it's it feels like regular sex to us.
And we have sex all the time and you don't get pregnant.
And then all of a sudden you are so it's like weird.
Like we didn't even do anything. We just had sex. Like we normally have sex,
you had sex. And now there's an extra person like, whoa, like whites,
but there's a lot of times it was, you say you associate sex with pleasure,
right? Like it is obviously, but when you have a baby, you're like,
oh it does. That does that? Yes.
It does. Yeah. Sex does that.
So for a man, there's no, there's no difference in what happens to his body.
Right?
Like whether when he's having sex and a baby's conceived versus when he's having
sex and nothing, it's just fun. There's no difference to him.
He doesn't feel a difference. Whereas a woman, literally her body will grow.
Uh, person, a person with a brain that she, Sarah she's sharing.
And this thing's kicking inside of her.
Like that experience it'll you up for a man. It's just, I mean,
I would eat like I do not like if there was an, a way that you could,
uh, record what it's like to be someone,
and then they give you like a little chip and he would slip it in there.
And I could, I could see you, like you would allow people,
all of your feelings, the way your skin feels, the way your emotions are,
the way your psychology is set up,
you would allow people to literally be you for a couple of days.
And the chip would do that. Yeah.
This chip would just sit in your head and you be that person. I would,
I would like to feel what it's like to be pregnant. Really. Yeah.
You to feel that, that like, that rip,
that pay or just like not the birth party. that. No, I don't want the
[inaudible]. I don't want to get. I don't want to get. I don't want to match it
. That was the only way you could
feel it. But I would, I would wonder what it would like to, first of all, be a maternal woman.
I w I mean, I'm really curious as to what the hormones feel like, would
it feel like.